README.md, before:

Built using slate ([github link](https://github.com/lord/slate)).

## Development

Initialize and start Slate. You can either do this locally, or with Vagrant:

```shell
# either run this to run locally
bundle install
bundle exec middleman server

# OR run this to run with vagrant
vagrant up
```

You can now see the docs at http://localhost:4567. Whoa! That was fast!

Now that Slate is all set up on your machine, you'll probably want to learn more about [editing Slate markdown](https://github.com/lord/slate/wiki/Markdown-Syntax), or [how to publish your docs](https://github.com/lord/slate/wiki/Deploying-Slate).

If you'd prefer to use Docker, instructions are available [in the wiki](https://github.com/lord/slate/wiki/Docker).

To deploy
--------------------
1. Make sure to fetch the AWS credentials using MFA and copy them to `~/.aws/credentials` as described in the last bullet point of this section: https://github.com/affinity-team/infrastructure-secrets#accessing-aws-from-the-command-line.

1. To build: `bundle exec middleman build --clean`

1. To upload to aws: `aws s3 sync build s3://api-docs.affinity.co --delete --acl public-read --profile mfa`

1. Invalidate cache on cloudfront by following the instructions at this URL: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/Invalidation.html#Invalidation_Requests. Type `/*` to invalidate all paths.

Commit message:

Update readme for deploying to gh-pages

README.md, after:

# Affinity API Docs

Affinity's API docs uses the formatting and build system from [lord/slate].

## Prerequisites

Make sure Ruby is installed. Instead of the system Ruby, you may want to use
[rbenv] or Homebrew Ruby (`brew install ruby`).

After Ruby is set up, run:\
`$ gem install bundler && bundle install`

## Editing and testing locally

For editing help, see [Slate markdown].

Start the development server:\
`$ bundle exec middleman server`\
Visit <http://localhost:4567/> to check the result.

## Building and deploying

Build the site into static files in `build/`:\
`$ bundle exec middleman build --clean`

Serve the static files in `build/`:\
`$ bash -c 'cd build && ruby -run -e httpd . -p 4567'`\
Visit <http://localhost:4567/> to check the result.

Build and deploy the site by pushing to the `gh-pages` branch:\
`$ ./deploy.sh`

<!-- Links -->
[lord/slate]: https://github.com/lord/slate
[rbenv]: https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv
[Slate markdown]: https://github.com/lord/slate/wiki/Markdown-Syntax
