source/includes/_entity-files.md, before:

# Entity Files

Entity files are files uploaded to a relevant entity. Possible files, for example, would be a pitch deck for an opportunity or a physical mail correspondence for a person.

## The entity file resource

> Example Response

```json
{
    "id": 43212,
    "name": "JohnDoeFriends.csv",
    "size": 993,
    "personId": 10,
    "organizationId": null,
    "opportunityId": null,
    "createdAt": "2011-01-25T09:59:35.288-08:00",
    "uploaderId": 10
}
```
Attribute | Type | Description
--------- | ------- | -----------
id | integer | The unique identifier of the entity file object.
name | string | The name of the file.
size | string | The size of the file in bytes.
personId | integer | The unique identifier of the person corresponding to the entity file.
organizationId | integer | The unique identifier of the organization corresponding to the entity file.
opportunityId | integer | The unique identifier of the opportunity corresponding to the entity file.
uploaderId | integer | The unique identifier of the user who created the entity file.
created_at | datetime | The time when the entity file was created.


## Get all files

> Example Request

```shell
curl "https://api.affinity.co/entity-files" -u :<API-KEY>
```

> Example Response

```json
{
    "entity_files": [
        {
            "id": 43212,
            "name": "JohnDoeFriends.csv",
            "size": 993,
            "personId": 142,
            "organizationId": null,
            "opportunityId": null,
            "createdAt": "2011-01-25T09:59:35.288-08:00",
            "uploaderId": 10
        },
        {
            "id": 131,
            "name": "Import.csv",
            "size": 227224,
            "personId": 38654,
            "organizationId": null,
            "opportunityId": null,
            "createdAt": "2019-01-13T12:52:51.539-08:00",
            "uploaderId": 101
        },
        ...
    ],
    "next_page_token": "eyJwYXJhbXMiOnt9LCJwYWdlX3NpemUiOjUwMCwib2Zmc2V0Ijo1MDB9",
}
```

> Example pagination

```shell
# To get the second page of results, issue the following query:
curl "https://api.affinity.co/entity-files?page_token=eyJwYXJhbXMiOnsidGVybSI6IiJ9LCJwYWdlX3NpemUiOjUsIm9mZnNldCI6MTB9" -u :<API-KEY>
```

`GET /entity-files`

Returns all entity files within your organization. This result will be
an object with two fields: `entity_files` and `next_page_token`. `entity_files` maps to an
array of all the entity file resources. The value of `next_page_token` should be sent as the
query parameter `page_token` in another request to retrieve the next page of results. While
paginating through results, each request must have identical query parameters other than the
changing `page_token`. Otherwise, an `Invalid page_token variable` error will be returned.

The absence of a `next_page_token` indicates that all the records have been fetched,
though its presence does not necessarily indicate that there are _more_ resources to be
fetched. The next page may be empty (but then `next_page_token` would be `null` to
confirm that there are no more resources).


### Query Parameters

Parameter | Type | Required | Description
--------- | ------- | ---------- | -----------
page_size | number | false | How many results to return per page. (Default is the maximum value of 500.)
page_token | string | false | The `next_page_token` from the previous response required to retrieve the next page of results.

### Returns
An object with two fields: `entity_files` and `next_page_token`. `entity_files ` maps to an
array of all the entity file resources. See description for more details on pagination.

## Get a specific file

> Example Request

```shell
curl "https://api.affinity.co/entity-files/43212" -u :<API-KEY>
```

> Example Response

```json
{
    "id": 43212,
    "name": "GoogleFriends.csv",
    "size": 993,
    "personId": null,
    "organizationId": 10,
    "opportunityId": null,
    "createdAt": "2011-01-25T09:59:35.288-08:00",
    "uploaderId": 10
}
```

`GET /entity-files/{entity_file_id}`

Fetches an entity with a specified `entity_file_id`.

### Path Parameters

Parameter | Type | Required | Description
--------- | ------- | ---------- | -----------
entity_file_id | integer | true | The unique id of the entity file that needs to be retrieved.

### Returns
The entity file resource corresponding to the `entity_file_id`.

## Download File

> Example Request

```shell
curl "https://api.affinity.co/entity-files/download/12345" \
  -u :<API-KEY> \
  --location place_to_store_file.png
```

`GET /entity-files/download/{entity_file_id}`

Downloads an entity file with a specified `entity_file_id`

### Path Parameters

Parameter | Type | Required | Description
--------- | ------- | ---------- | -----------
entity_file_id | integer | true | The unique id of the entity file that needs to be downloaded.

### Returns
The actual entity file corresponding to the `entity_file_id`.

## Upload files

> Example Request

```shell
curl "https://api.affinity.co/entity-files" \
  -u :<API-KEY> \
  -F files[]=@Pitch.pdf \
  -F files[]=@10_01_18_meeting.txt \
  -F person_id=4113456
```

> Example Response

```json
{"success": true}
```

`POST /entity-files`

Uploads files attached to the entity with the given id.

The file will display on the entity's profile, provided that the entity is not a person internal to the user's organization.

### Path Parameters

Parameter | Type | Required | Description
--------- | ------- | ---------- | -----------
file | File | false | A singular file to be uploaded, formatted as form data (multipart/form-data).
files | File[] | false | An array of files to be uploaded, formatted as form data (multipart/form-data).
person_id | integer | false | The unique identifier of the person object to attach the file(s) to.
organization_id | integer | false | The unique identifier of the organization object to attach the file(s) to.
opportunity_id | integer | false | The unique identifier of the opportunity object to attach the file(s) to.

**Note:**

1. Files must be attached to a single entity, specified using one of the three entity id parameters (`person_id`, `organization_id`, and `opportunity_id`).
2. At least one file must be uploaded using the `file` or `files` parameters.

### Returns
`{"success": true}`

Commit message:

Allow filtering files by entity

source/includes/_entity-files.md, after:

# Entity Files

Entity files are files uploaded to a relevant entity. Possible files, for example, would be a pitch deck for an opportunity or a physical mail correspondence for a person.

## The entity file resource

> Example Response

```json
{
    "id": 43212,
    "name": "JohnDoeFriends.csv",
    "size": 993,
    "personId": 10,
    "organizationId": null,
    "opportunityId": null,
    "createdAt": "2011-01-25T09:59:35.288-08:00",
    "uploaderId": 10
}
```
Attribute | Type | Description
--------- | ------- | -----------
id | integer | The unique identifier of the entity file object.
name | string | The name of the file.
size | string | The size of the file in bytes.
personId | integer | The unique identifier of the person corresponding to the entity file.
organizationId | integer | The unique identifier of the organization corresponding to the entity file.
opportunityId | integer | The unique identifier of the opportunity corresponding to the entity file.
uploaderId | integer | The unique identifier of the user who created the entity file.
created_at | datetime | The time when the entity file was created.


## Get all files

> Example Request

```shell
curl "https://api.affinity.co/entity-files" -u :<API-KEY>
```

> Example Response

```json
{
    "entity_files": [
        {
            "id": 43212,
            "name": "JohnDoeFriends.csv",
            "size": 993,
            "personId": 142,
            "organizationId": null,
            "opportunityId": null,
            "createdAt": "2011-01-25T09:59:35.288-08:00",
            "uploaderId": 10
        },
        {
            "id": 131,
            "name": "Import.csv",
            "size": 227224,
            "personId": 38654,
            "organizationId": null,
            "opportunityId": null,
            "createdAt": "2019-01-13T12:52:51.539-08:00",
            "uploaderId": 101
        },
        ...
    ],
    "next_page_token": "eyJwYXJhbXMiOnt9LCJwYWdlX3NpemUiOjUwMCwib2Zmc2V0Ijo1MDB9",
}
```

> Example pagination

```shell
# To get the second page of results, issue the following query:
curl "https://api.affinity.co/entity-files?page_token=eyJwYXJhbXMiOnsidGVybSI6IiJ9LCJwYWdlX3NpemUiOjUsIm9mZnNldCI6MTB9" -u :<API-KEY>
```

`GET /entity-files`

Returns all entity files within your organization. This result will be
an object with two fields: `entity_files` and `next_page_token`. `entity_files` maps to an
array of all the entity file resources. The value of `next_page_token` should be sent as the
query parameter `page_token` in another request to retrieve the next page of results. While
paginating through results, each request must have identical query parameters other than the
changing `page_token`. Otherwise, an `Invalid page_token variable` error will be returned.

The absence of a `next_page_token` indicates that all the records have been fetched,
though its presence does not necessarily indicate that there are _more_ resources to be
fetched. The next page may be empty (but then `next_page_token` would be `null` to
confirm that there are no more resources).

Can optionally be filtered to return only entity files associated with a specific `person`,
`organization`, or `opportunity`.


### Query Parameters

Parameter | Type | Required | Description
--------- | ------- | ---------- | -----------
page_size | number | false | How many results to return per page. (Default is the maximum value of 500.)
page_token | string | false | The `next_page_token` from the previous response required to retrieve the next page of results.
person_id | integer | false | A unique id that represents a Person whose associated files should be retrieved.
organization_id | integer | false | A unique id that represents an Organization whose associated files should be retrieved.
opportunity_id | integer | false | A unique id that represents an Opportunity whose associated files should be retrieved.

### Returns
An object with two fields: `entity_files` and `next_page_token`. `entity_files ` maps to an
array of all the entity file resources. See description for more details on pagination.

## Get a specific file

> Example Request

```shell
curl "https://api.affinity.co/entity-files/43212" -u :<API-KEY>
```

> Example Response

```json
{
    "id": 43212,
    "name": "GoogleFriends.csv",
    "size": 993,
    "personId": null,
    "organizationId": 10,
    "opportunityId": null,
    "createdAt": "2011-01-25T09:59:35.288-08:00",
    "uploaderId": 10
}
```

`GET /entity-files/{entity_file_id}`

Fetches an entity with a specified `entity_file_id`.

### Path Parameters

Parameter | Type | Required | Description
--------- | ------- | ---------- | -----------
entity_file_id | integer | true | The unique id of the entity file that needs to be retrieved.

### Returns
The entity file resource corresponding to the `entity_file_id`.

## Download File

> Example Request

```shell
curl "https://api.affinity.co/entity-files/download/12345" \
  -u :<API-KEY> \
  --location place_to_store_file.png
```

`GET /entity-files/download/{entity_file_id}`

Downloads an entity file with a specified `entity_file_id`

### Path Parameters

Parameter | Type | Required | Description
--------- | ------- | ---------- | -----------
entity_file_id | integer | true | The unique id of the entity file that needs to be downloaded.

### Returns
The actual entity file corresponding to the `entity_file_id`.

## Upload files

> Example Request

```shell
curl "https://api.affinity.co/entity-files" \
  -u :<API-KEY> \
  -F files[]=@Pitch.pdf \
  -F files[]=@10_01_18_meeting.txt \
  -F person_id=4113456
```

> Example Response

```json
{"success": true}
```

`POST /entity-files`

Uploads files attached to the entity with the given id.

The file will display on the entity's profile, provided that the entity is not a person internal to the user's organization.

### Path Parameters

Parameter | Type | Required | Description
--------- | ------- | ---------- | -----------
file | File | false | A singular file to be uploaded, formatted as form data (multipart/form-data).
files | File[] | false | An array of files to be uploaded, formatted as form data (multipart/form-data).
person_id | integer | false | The unique identifier of the person object to attach the file(s) to.
organization_id | integer | false | The unique identifier of the organization object to attach the file(s) to.
opportunity_id | integer | false | The unique identifier of the opportunity object to attach the file(s) to.

**Note:**

1. Files must be attached to a single entity, specified using one of the three entity id parameters (`person_id`, `organization_id`, and `opportunity_id`).
2. At least one file must be uploaded using the `file` or `files` parameters.

### Returns
`{"success": true}`
